README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Arivazhagan B</h1>
<h3 align="center">Full Stack Developer | ML Enthusiast | DevOps</h3>

---

📍 **Location:** Perambalur, Tamil Nadu  
📞 **Phone:** +91 7806870589  
📧 **Email:** barivazhagan7@gmail.com  

🔗 [Portfolio](https://portfolioarivazhagan.vercel.app/) • [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/arivazhagan-b-5b64a6320) • [GitHub](https://github.com/ARIVAZHAGAN7B) • [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/u/ARIVAZHAGANB/)

---

### 👨‍💻 About Me

- 🎯 I'm a passionate **Full-Stack Developer** with 2+ years in MERN and DevOps.
- 🤖 1+ year hands-on experience building **AI/ML** solutions using Python, TensorFlow, and CNNs.
- 🚀 Built 10+ real-world projects including an AI-powered agri platform with 90%+ accuracy.
- 🛠️ I love working on scalable systems, CI/CD pipelines, and solving real-world problems.
- 🔭 Actively looking for roles as a **Software Developer Intern**, **ML Engineer Intern**, or **Junior DevOps Engineer**.

## 🧰 Complete Tech Stack

### 🖥️ Programming Languages
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-ED8B00?style=for-the-badge&logo=java&logoColor=white)
![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/C-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white)

### 🌐 Frontend & Styling
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind_CSS-38B2AC?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)
![Redux](https://img.shields.io/badge/Redux-593D88?style=for-the-badge&logo=redux&logoColor=white)
![Next.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=nextdotjs&logoColor=white)

### ⚙️ Backend
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-339933?style=for-the-badge&logo=nodedotjs&logoColor=white)
![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Express.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=white)
![Socket.IO](https://img.shields.io/badge/Socket.IO-010101?style=for-the-badge&logo=socket.io&logoColor=white)



### ☁️ DevOps & Infrastructure
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
![Kubernetes Basics](https://img.shields.io/badge/Kubernetes-326CE5?style=for-the-badge&logo=kubernetes&logoColor=white)
![Nginx](https://img.shields.io/badge/Nginx-009639?style=for-the-badge&logo=nginx&logoColor=white)
![Terraform](https://img.shields.io/badge/Terraform-623CE4?style=for-the-badge&logo=terraform&logoColor=white)
![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-232F3E?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white)

### 🗃️ Databases & Tools
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-47A248?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)
![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-336791?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)
![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-4479A1?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)

### 🧪 Testing & Productivity
![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=for-the-badge&logo=postman&logoColor=white)
![Notion](https://img.shields.io/badge/Notion-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=notion&logoColor=white)
![VS Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/VS_Code-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white)
---

---


### 🏗️ Noteworthy Projects

- **Cropio** – AI-Powered Sustainable Farming  
  `Crop recommendation, CNN-based disease detection, subsidy API integration`  
  🔗 [GitHub](https://github.com/ARIVAZHAGAN7B/cropio)

- **BePlaced & Crang** – Career Alignment Platform  
  `Skill-based job matcher, FAANG prep training, real-time offer tracking`  
  🔗 [BePlaced](https://github.com/ARIVAZHAGAN7B/BePlaced) • [Crang](https://github.com/ARIVAZHAGAN7B/Crang)
---

### 🏆 Certifications & Achievements

- ✅ JavaScript Algorithms and Data Structures – FreeCodeCamp  
- ✅ Machine Learning – Coursera (deeplearning.ai)  
- 🥈 Runner-up – Convolve 3.0 Hackathon

---

<table>
  <tr>
    <td><img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=ARIVAZHAGAN7B&layout=compact&theme=tokyonight" alt="Top Languages" /></td>
    <td><img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=ARIVAZHAGAN7B&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight" alt="GitHub Stats" /></td>
    <td><a href="https://git.io/streak-stats"><img src="https://streak-stats.demolab.com?user=ARIVAZHAGAN7B&theme=tokyonight" alt="GitHub Streak" /></a></td>
  </tr>
</table>


### 💬 Fun Facts

- ♟️ Competitive Chess Player  
- 🔍 Enjoys building in public & solving LeetCode challenges  
- 🧠 Passionate about optimization, clean code, and automation

---

⭐ *Feel free to connect or collaborate — always open to opportunities!*

Commit message:

Update personal description in README
Removed outdated personal information and focused on Java development skills.

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Arivazhagan B</h1>
<h3 align="center">Full Stack Developer | ML Enthusiast | DevOps</h3>

---

📍 **Location:** Perambalur, Tamil Nadu  
📞 **Phone:** +91 7806870589  
📧 **Email:** barivazhagan7@gmail.com  

🔗 [Portfolio](https://portfolioarivazhagan.vercel.app/) • [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/arivazhagan-b-5b64a6320) • [GitHub](https://github.com/ARIVAZHAGAN7B) • [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/u/ARIVAZHAGANB/)

---

### 👨‍💻 About Me
**Java Developer** with strong **Data Structure and Algorithms** and problem-solving skills, specializing in scalable, high-performance applications. Experienced in **full-stack web development, AI integration, and backend engineering** with **Spring Boot.** Skilled in working with financial data, secure transaction flows, and compliance-aware systems. Passionate about clean code, modern development practices, and building impactful fintech solutions.

## 🧰 Complete Tech Stack

### 🖥️ Programming Languages
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-ED8B00?style=for-the-badge&logo=java&logoColor=white)
![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/C-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white)

### 🌐 Frontend & Styling
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind_CSS-38B2AC?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)
![Redux](https://img.shields.io/badge/Redux-593D88?style=for-the-badge&logo=redux&logoColor=white)
![Next.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=nextdotjs&logoColor=white)

### ⚙️ Backend
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-339933?style=for-the-badge&logo=nodedotjs&logoColor=white)
![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Express.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=white)
![Socket.IO](https://img.shields.io/badge/Socket.IO-010101?style=for-the-badge&logo=socket.io&logoColor=white)



### ☁️ DevOps & Infrastructure
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
![Kubernetes Basics](https://img.shields.io/badge/Kubernetes-326CE5?style=for-the-badge&logo=kubernetes&logoColor=white)
![Nginx](https://img.shields.io/badge/Nginx-009639?style=for-the-badge&logo=nginx&logoColor=white)
![Terraform](https://img.shields.io/badge/Terraform-623CE4?style=for-the-badge&logo=terraform&logoColor=white)
![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-232F3E?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white)

### 🗃️ Databases & Tools
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-47A248?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)
![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-336791?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)
![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-4479A1?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)

### 🧪 Testing & Productivity
![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=for-the-badge&logo=postman&logoColor=white)
![Notion](https://img.shields.io/badge/Notion-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=notion&logoColor=white)
![VS Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/VS_Code-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white)
---

---


### 🏗️ Noteworthy Projects

- **Cropio** – AI-Powered Sustainable Farming  
  `Crop recommendation, CNN-based disease detection, subsidy API integration`  
  🔗 [GitHub](https://github.com/ARIVAZHAGAN7B/cropio)

- **BePlaced & Crang** – Career Alignment Platform  
  `Skill-based job matcher, FAANG prep training, real-time offer tracking`  
  🔗 [BePlaced](https://github.com/ARIVAZHAGAN7B/BePlaced) • [Crang](https://github.com/ARIVAZHAGAN7B/Crang)
---

### 🏆 Certifications & Achievements

- ✅ JavaScript Algorithms and Data Structures – FreeCodeCamp  
- ✅ Machine Learning – Coursera (deeplearning.ai)  
- 🥈 Runner-up – Convolve 3.0 Hackathon

---

<table>
  <tr>
    <td><img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=ARIVAZHAGAN7B&layout=compact&theme=tokyonight" alt="Top Languages" /></td>
    <td><img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=ARIVAZHAGAN7B&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight" alt="GitHub Stats" /></td>
    <td><a href="https://git.io/streak-stats"><img src="https://streak-stats.demolab.com?user=ARIVAZHAGAN7B&theme=tokyonight" alt="GitHub Streak" /></a></td>
  </tr>
</table>


### 💬 Fun Facts

- ♟️ Competitive Chess Player  
- 🔍 Enjoys building in public & solving LeetCode challenges  
- 🧠 Passionate about optimization, clean code, and automation

---

⭐ *Feel free to connect or collaborate — always open to opportunities!*
